If you don't believe me, you can ask Daochang Sun
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
It's Mr. Zhang.
It was saved by Mr. Zhang
Let Mr. Zhang Zhang
Please give me back 9 shots
That's more like it.
The laws of heaven and earth have their own rules
No matter how outspoken you are
Local legal services
You can write the refund machine and return it, right?
Hahaha hey
I'm ready, hahaha, hey.
Thank you master
Thank you Mr. Zhang
You are cruel
He didn't pay attention to my usual teachings at all
From today onwards
You are no longer my armed disciple
The fate of you and me as mentors and apprentices is over
From Now On
Don't come to me again
Master master
You can't just walk out on me!
I'm just obsessed for a while
I didn't expect Daochang Sun to really do it for money
To go inside the seascape
I'm just for the money. What's wrong?
No one can live without money in this world
Zhang Shoucheng
You let the master abandon me
I lost face.
I'll go, you wait for me.
Daochang Sun turned out to be a greedy person
Thinking about it now, it's really scary
Fortunately, I'm guarding the city
Otherwise, Jing'er's life will really not be saved
Brother Shoucheng saved his life
Daochang Sun is so immoral
Want revenge
Brother Shoucheng, I'm afraid.
What are you doing?
I'm just hugging you
Besides, Brother Shoucheng is not yours either.
Hug you
You put it down for me
This week's defense is a waste
You and your sister?
They are all people who want to give it to Young Master Qin
No one can escape
What!